♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Chase] "Pups Save a Toof."
[sniffing]
Yes!
I found a tugging toy!
Me too!
[sniffs]
A good old stinky one!
[both grunting]
Whoa!
[barks]
-[both growling]
-[grunting]
-[grunts]
-Ah!
[grunts]
[chuckles] Chase, you found
the other end of our toy.
You mean you found
the other end of our toy. [howls]
[barks]
[growls]
[howls]
[both growl]
[growling]
Ow! [grunts]
[all grunt]
What's wrong, Chase?
[with lisp] My tooth is loose. See?
-[grunts]
-Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! [grunts]
Phew…
Alex?
[sighs]
Sorry. I was going out to play.
Okay, but don't go far.
I'm taking you to the dentist soon.
Aw… Do I have to? My teeth are healthy.
See?
I'll call you when it's time to go.
[sighs]
You okay, Chase?
[with lisp] No big deal.
It's just a loose tooth.
Loose teeth are awesome!
When you put them under your pillow,
the Tooth Fairy leaves something great!
What's going on, pups?
Chase got a loose tooth.
Hey, let's see!
[with lisp] Just a puppy tooth. See?
Huh… Maybe the dentist
should take a look at it.
Dentist? No way! My tooth is fine!
[Mr. Porter] Alex!
Time to go!
I can't go to the dentist, Grandpa. Look.
The ladder broke!
Broken ladder, hmm?
Guess I'll have to borrow one
to help you down.
Yes!
There won't be enough time
to go to the dentist.
Oh, I bet the PAW Patrol
can get you down in time.
[Alex] Oh yeah.
I still think you should let
the dentist take a look.
-[Chase whimpers]
-[phone rings]
Ryder here.
Hi, Ryder. It's Mr. Porter.
We need a little help.
Alex got himself stuck in his tree fort.
What happened?
[Mr. Porter]
Somehow a few steps fell off the ladder.
We need to get him down soon,
or he'll miss his dentist appointment.
-[Alex] I don't mind missing the dentist.
-Don't worry!
The PAW Patrol will race over,
help Alex down,
and get him to the dentist.
You don't have to race.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
-[beeps]
-PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[all barking]
Whoa!
Anyone want to play tug toy?
-[chuckles]
-[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
Thanks for hurrying, pups.
Alex is stuck in his tree fort.
We need to help him get down
and to the dentist.
[beeps]
Marshall, I need your ladder
to reach Alex in his tree house.
I'm fired up!
[beeps]
Chase, I need you to give Alex
a special police escort
to get him to the dentist on time.
[with lisp] Chase is on the case!
[all laugh]
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[laughs] Whoa! Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
[howls]
-Whoa!
-♪ Marshall! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-[siren blares]
[tires squeal]
[sirens blaring]
[truck beeping]
Thanks for getting here so fast, Ryder.
No problem.
-Marshall…
-[barks] Ladder up.
Hi, Alex.
You can come down now.
I can't come down.
Well, why not?
I'm kind of scared.
Don't worry, lots of people
are a little scared of ladders.
Not of the ladder!
I'm scared of the dentist.
Huh?
There's no reason for Alex to be afraid,
right, Chase?
[with lisp] Uh, that's right.
-[Ryder] Okay, Marshall.
-Coming.
Whoops! Ah! Oh!
-Nice catch.
-[chuckles]
[laughs]
[Ryder] Hi, Alex.
Ready to go to the dentist?
Chase will lead you there
with his siren and everything.
Really? Cool!
I'll go with Chase…
but not to the dentist.
You're a little scared?
Nuh-uh, I'm a lot scared.
That's okay.
Everyone's scared of something.
Not you and the PAW Patrol.
Of course we are.
I Know!
Alex, if I can get the PAW Patrol
to do things they're scared of,
will you go to the dentist?
[Alex] Hmm…
Well, I would like to see
what the pups are scared of.
I'll call the pups.
You get ready for the dentist.
Okay, pups, we need to help Alex
-get over his fear of the dentist.
-How?
I want you pups to do
one thing you're afraid of.
Who wants to go first?
-Uh…
-Well…
-Um…
-Uh…
-[chuckles]
-Okay, I'll go first.
With the PAW Patrol, I do scary stuff,
like hang from Skye's helicopter
or climb icy cliffs.
But you know
what really gives me nightmares?
-No.
-What?
Mr. Porter, some Brussels sprouts, please.
Coming right up, Ryder.
Here they are.
[Ryder] Thanks, I guess.
Ah…
[groans]
[giggles]
[all laugh]
There! That wasn't so… [belches]
…bad.
Nice try, but I don't think so.
Okay, it was.
But even though it was scary,
I'm still okay.
Rocky, what are you scared of?
Um, well, uh…
[sighs] Water.
Go ahead, Marshall.
You got it. [barks]
Hose!
Ready, Rocky?
Ready.
Wet! [barks]
Ew! Now I'm going to have
that wet pup smell.
[laughs]
And Rubble is afraid of spiders.
Spider!
Not scared. not scared.
Am I done not being scared yet?
Sure.
Ew! Spider cooties!
[laughs]
Now Skye and Marshall.
[Marshall gulps]
[chuckles nervously]
Marshall's scared of flying.
This isn't so bad.
[gasps] Look out!
[screeches]
An Eagle! I don't like eagles!
Whoa! Whoa! I really don't like flying.
Cool!
Ah… pavement.
Wow, I didn't think the PAW Patrol
was scared of anything.
You see? Everyone's scared of something.
But sometimes you need to do things
even though you're scared.
If you pups can be brave, so can I!
I'm going to the dentist.
-[all cheering]
-Yay, Alex!
Alex, could you help
one last pup be brave too?
-Who?
-Huh?
Chase, he's afraid of the dentist too.
[with lisp]
I don't need to see the dentist!
See? Maybe you can help Chase out,
if he sees how brave you are.
Sure I can!
[siren blaring]
-[gulps]
-Come on, Chase. It's just a dentist.
Let's go in at the same time!
Okay!
Good for you, Alex.
-[all howl]
-Hurray!
The dentist was super nice.
She gave me a sticker and a toothbrush!
[fanfare plays]
She showed us how to brush
and keep our teeth healthy!
That's right! The dentist pulled my tooth,
but a new one will grow back. See?
[all laugh]
I'm proud of both of you.
Remember, whenever you need
a little extra courage,
just yelp for help!
Or whistle. Listen.
I can whistle where my tooth used to be.
[whistles]
-[Skye] Neat!
-[Rubble] Cool!
That's a ginormous tooth, dude.
The Tooth Fairy's going
to give you an extra big treat!
-[Chase] Look, pups!
-[all] Huh?
[yawns]
The Tooth Fairy left a brand new bone!
Ow! I think I have another loose tooth.
See?
[all laugh]
[theme song playing]